replay: troubleshooting docs (#6098)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/troubleshooting/session-replay.mdx

# Troubleshooting Replay specific issues

> This guides aims to extend the <PlatformLink to="/troubleshooting/">main troubleshooting</PlatformLink> guide covering Replay-specific scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide aims to extend the <PlatformLink to="/troubleshooting/">main troubleshooting</PlatformLink> guide covering Replay-specific scenarios.
```

> ## My `canvas` elements are not getting captured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## My `canvas` Elements Aren't Getting Captured.
```

> Currently there's not support for `canvas`. This feature is being tracked on this [GitHub issue](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/issues/6519).
> Please feel free to 👍 to help us prioritize it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's currently no support for `canvas`. It's being tracked in this [GitHub issue](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/issues/6519). Feel free to 👍 and help us prioritize it.
```

> ##  My custom CSS/Images/Fonts/Media are not appearing when I view the replay
> 
> The replay 'video' is actually a video-like reproduction of the HTML on your website. This means that all the external resources your site uses (CSS/Images/Fonts) will be rendered by the corresponding &lt;style&gt;, &lt;img&gt; and &lt;video&gt; tags on your site. 
> Add `sentry.io` to your CORS policy so the iframe hosted on sentry.io can fetch and display these resources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##  My Custom CSS/Images/Fonts/Media Aren't Appearing When I View the Replay

The replay 'video' is actually a video-like reproduction of the HTML on your website. This means that all the external resources your site uses (CSS/Images/Fonts), will be rendered by the corresponding &lt;style&gt;, &lt;img&gt; and &lt;video&gt; tags on your site.  Add `sentry.io` to your CORS policy so the iframe hosted on sentry.io can fetch and display these resources. 
```

> ## Replay on my browser extension doesn't work?
> 
> This is not a supported scenario. The replay SDK is build to work on a website, and not on externally loaded script via browser extension or other mechanism.
> In fact, Sentry's Session Replay product can help developers find out when a third-party Chrome Extension causes issues with their websites which are otherwise hard to debug or reproduce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Replay on My Bowser Extension Doesn't Work.

This is not a supported scenario. The replay SDK is built to work on a website and not as an externally-loaded script via browser extension or other mechanism. In fact, Sentry's Session Replay product can help developers find out when a third-party Chrome extension causes otherwise hard to debug or reproduce issues with their website.
```

---
title: Session Replay
excerpt: ""
description: "Troubleshooting Session Replay-specific Issues"
---

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

---

> title: Troubleshooting Replay
> excerpt: ""
> description: "Troubleshooting Replay-specific Issues"
> ---
> 
> # Troubleshooting Replay-specific Issues

Author: ```suggestion
title: Session Replay
excerpt: ""
description: "Troubleshooting Session Replay-specific Issues"
---

```
